Doc 438 - Add docs for mc support (#478)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-support-register.rst

=======================
``mc support register``
=======================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc support register

Description
-----------

> Use the :mc-cmd:`mc support register` command to connect your deployment with the MinIO subscription network, `SUBNET <https://min.io/product/subnet?ref=docs>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mc-cmd:`mc support register` command connects your deployment with your |SUBNET| account.
```

> After registration, you can upload deployment health reports directly to |SUBNET| for reference by MinIO Engineering.

Reviewer: 'upload data directly to |SUBNET| using the <commands which support this>'

Examples
--------

Register a Cluster Using the Cluster's Name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Register the MinIO cluster at alias ``minio1`` on SUBNET, using ``minio1`` as the cluster name:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

>    mc support register play

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   mc support register minio1
```

Author: GOOD CATCH!

Register a Cluster with a Different Cluster Name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Register a MinIO cluster at alias ``minio2`` on SUBNET, using ``second-cluster`` as the name:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support register minio2 --name second-cluster

Syntax
------
      
The command has the following syntax:

.. code-block:: shell

   mc [GLOBALFLAGS] support register       \
                            ALIAS          \
                            [--name value] \
                            [--airgap]

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

.. mc-cmd:: ALIAS
   :required:

   The :ref:`alias <alias>` of the MinIO deployment.

.. mc-cmd:: --name
   :optional:

   Specify a name other than the alias to associate to the MinIO cluster in SUBNET.

   Use ``--name <value>`` replacing ``<value>`` with the name you want to use for the cluster on SUBNET.
   
.. mc-cmd:: --airgap
   :optional:

>    Use in environments without network access to SUBNET (for example, airgapped, firewalled, or similar configuration).

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should explain how the `--airgap` flag works, as it is not very straight forward. Running the command with `--airgap` shows a registration token to the user and waits on the terminal.

User then has to paste it on the relevant screen in SUBNET. SUBNET then displays the api key for the registered cluster, which needs to be pasted back on the terminal to complete the registration flow.

Author: Added a procedure to the --airgap flag.
